# Challenge 1 – Mortgage Repayments

A common question asked by customers at a firm is about payments on mortgages. Customers would like to know what their total estimated cost will be, before signing the contract. A team has spotted this, and would like to develop a new tool that allows users to calculate this value for a firm’s new mortgage type, “Simply Buy”.

Your task is to develop a method calculateTotalPayment, which takes in three integers – the initial level of debt, the percentage interest, and the percentage repayment, and returns a single integer representing the total cost of the mortgage. Repayment is a fixed percentage of the initial debt, and the interest is a percentage of the current debt.

For the “Simply Buy” mortgage, there is a fixed 10% deposit, which should be included in the total payment, and each month interest is added before a repayment is made. There is also a minimum repayment of $50 (if the repayment for a month is less than $50, then it will be rounded up to $50).

# Examples

# Example 1

Consider the following

Input:

`initialLevelOfDebt = 1000`

`interestPercentage = 5`

`repaymentPercentage = 10`

Output: `1520`

Explanation:In this example, the fixed repayment is set at 10% of 1000 (100) and the interest is variable. Each month we add 5% of the current debt (this represents the interest), and then add on the 100 for the repayment. For example, in month 1 this would be:

`Initial Level of Debt = 1000`

`Debt After Interest Applied = 1000 + 50 = 1050`

`Debt After Repayment Applied = 1050 - 100 = 950`

`Total amount spent = 100`

We keep calculating this figure month on month until the debt reaches below 50, which it does after 14 payments. At this stage it is 20. Hence our final repayment will be 20.

Once we have calculated that, we then get our total spend, including the deposit:

`Total number of repayments: 14`

`Final Repayment: 20`

`Deposit: 10% of 1000 = 100`

`Final Answer = 14 * 100 + 20 + 100 = 1520`